README.md, before:

# HealerStatWeights

HSW (Healer Stat Weights) is an addon that automatically calculates your stat weights based on the content that you’re currently running. It’ll tell you what your strongest and weakest stats are and you can use that information for you enchants, gems and general gearing decisions. It does all the work for you so that you can avoid any complicated math. The weights that it calculates for you are based off your own playstyle, gear, talents, and Azerite traits giving you a lot more precision than any generic stat weights that you might find on the internet (which are always inaccurate).

Are you a min-maxer? This isn't a replacement for your spec spreadsheets, but it’s an incredibly powerful and convenient tool to use alongside them. _HSW supports all six healer specs._

This addon is still in Beta.

# Installation

To install, either download the addon from [Curse](https://wow.curseforge.com/projects/healerstatweights) or your Twitch client (recommended, as this addon is still in Beta and will recieve updates as Blizzard updates Azerite Traits and spec ability interactions).

Alternatively, copy the latest release into your `{WoW_Directory}/Interface/AddOns/` directory.

Once you’re in game type `/hsw` and configure options based on the type of content you want weights for. Avoid filling your history with information that isn’t useful to you by turning on only the highest level of dungeons and raids that you're interested in, leaving the others unticked.

Commit message:

included a link to the QE guide

README.md, after:

# HealerStatWeights

Refer to this [introductory guide](https://questionablyepic.com/hsw/):

"HSW (Healer Stat Weights) is an addon that automatically calculates your stat weights based on the content that you’re currently running. It’ll tell you what your strongest and weakest stats are and you can use that information for your enchants, gems and general gearing decisions. It does all the work for you so that you can avoid any complicated math. The weights that it calculates for you are based off your own playstyle, gear, talents, and Azerite traits giving you a lot more precision than any generic stat weights that you might find on the internet (which are always inaccurate)."

Are you a min-maxer? This isn't a replacement for your spec spreadsheets, but it’s an incredibly powerful and convenient tool to use alongside them. _HSW supports all six healer specs._

This addon is still in Beta.

# Installation

To install, either download the addon from [Curse](https://wow.curseforge.com/projects/healerstatweights) or your Twitch client (recommended, as this addon is still in Beta and will recieve updates as Blizzard updates Azerite Traits and spec ability interactions).

Alternatively, copy the latest release into your `{WoW_Directory}/Interface/AddOns/` directory.

Once you’re in game type `/hsw` and configure options based on the type of content you want weights for. Avoid filling your history with information that isn’t useful to you by turning on only the highest level of dungeons and raids that you're interested in, leaving the others unticked.
